What are you going to sing for us today?
This is a special one.
And it's in my mother tongue… Telugu.
Interesting.
We just have to check your voice.
Let's see if you got it in you.
Thank you.
Just determine inside and see…
It will be done just like that
Your dream has to come behind…
Following you like a shadow
Listen to the thunders
Stretch your hands for the raindrops
Like seven colors
Hundred years
You have to flourish
Yeah. Ready, guys?
- Sir!
- What is tomorrow's schedule?
Meeting with the cloaks at 2:00 p.m.
- After lunch, right?
- Yeah, right.
We have a calibration call with the
Bronocks for the upcoming fashion week.
And we need templates as well.
They will be ready by tomorrow.
- You will receive the email.
- Okay, sir.
Viraj, did you deny shooting
for the Bravokis?
- Yes, I did.
- Why?
It is such a big company.
We will lose our goodwill if we deny them.
- When is the shoot?
- Next month… Twenty…
- First!
- Hallelujah!
- Send Amul. Tell them I recommended him.
- Amul?
Amul won't do.
Would you send a soldier
if they ask for a bishop?
It is impossible.
Look, I have committed.
I will be screwed if you don't do this.
Then get screwed.
Vi…
Viraj!
Is it? Really?
Hi!
Hey.
Your favorite fish.
Have at it!
Thank you.
What's up with the drawing on the plate?
Something must be wrong.
What happened to my darling Mahi?
There is a boy called Varun in my class.
Is this an age to think about a boy?
Who is that guy?
I don't know which school he came from.
He has been topping
since the last two exams!
He beat me by one percent…
You misunderstood.
Mahi. It's okay.
It's not okay, Grandpa.
It's just one percent dear.
One percent, Dad.
With one percent,
I've lost my reputation.
How can you say that?
Mahi.
Remember one thing.
It isn't the goal,
but the journey that should be amazing.
Not the result,
but the experience must be important.
Winning and losing is God's will.
Is this how you motivate
a six-year-old girl?
Says the father, who assumed his
six-year-old daughter had a boyfriend.
What's today's story?
A brand new one.
Fine, let's go!
"Once upon a time, there was a king…"
Wait. Who should I imagine as the king?
Who else? Me!
Okay, continue.
"And the king had a beautiful
daughter named, Tara."
That's me.
Obviously.
"One day, the king, his minister,
and his commander…"
- Dad, wait…
- I got it.
Grandpa is the minister,
and Justin is the commander.
Okay, continue.
So…
"They all went out…"
"And that's how Tara found the wand
and saved the king and the kingdom."
- That's it?
- That's it.
No mother in this story as well?
No.
You keep doing this.
Do stories exist without a mother?
Some do.
Then I want a story with a mother.
Otherwise, I'm not taking tablets.
You always come up with excuses.
You have to tell me now.
Even my school friends
are asking about my mom.
Fine, I will.
But, not now.
When?
When you beat that Varun
and come first in class.
Then, I will tell you.
Your mom's story.
Mother promise?
Promise.
Shall we take tablets now?
Dad, I want a ukulele for this birthday.
Sure.
I love you, Dad.
I love you, dear.
Good night.
You're narrating stories,
avoiding her mom.
One day, you won't
be able to avoid the truth.
Can you?
There is still time for that.
She has begun asking me
when you are not around.
What should I say?
Do you know what people
around are discussing?
I don't care what people
do, think, or discuss.
I only care about my daughter.
But she is at a vulnerable age,
she can believe anything.
You can ignore it.
But you are answerable to--
What's the update on the
doctor's appointment?
I spoke to her!
She is an expert in 65 Roses.
As per Sweden's time, 9:30 p.m.,
which is 2:00 a.m. for us.
You have a video appointment.
Don't stay up too late.
Good night, Son.
Come here my dear glass doll
I’m your father and mother
My heart is a cradle branch to you
This swinging hand is my love
Lay…
On this heart
Play…
In this abode
Don’t go away from me
Mahi.
Which one should I wear?
This one or this?
I liked the green one.
I will bear these tiny tiny feet
As the ground
When you stumble while playing
You will end up on me
I will keep both my ears
With you and leave
So that whatever you speak
I can get back to you in a minute
Leaving everything behind
- Laughing all the way…
- Jingle bells--
- Hey.
- Dad?
You know you can't eat this, right, Mahi?
Don't worry.
We will have a pasta party.
I will stay as a guard
To your tripping breath
I will carefully monitor your
Every inhale and exhale
Any kind of light rays have to cross me
Before they reach your sight
For that, I will become your eyelid…
You are my eyelid!
What happened to her mother?
Who knows?
Rumor is that he left her.
The poor wife must have
suffered because of Viraj.
Miss Greeshma Desai, you are fired!
Pack your things and leave.
Come here my dear glass doll
I’m your father and mother
My heart is a cradle branch to you
This swinging hand is my love
Lay…
This on my heart
Play…
In this abode
Don’t go away from me
Just cancel the whole goddamn event.
Yes, you heard me right.
It's not about money.
It's more about our reputation.
- Did Mahi take her medicine?
- Yes sir. But, she isn't sleeping.
Fine. You leave.
I said I would talk to the client.
Sir…?
Okay.
Just cancel the event.
Haven't you slept yet?
You've come first in the class.
Not just one,
I beat Varun by two percent.
I knew you'd do it.
Congratulations, Mahi.
Thank you, Dad.
Dad had a very long day.
I will take a shower.
Alright. Come back quickly.
I'm waiting.
Waiting? Why?
Because I came first in class.
And I congratulated you on that.
Congrats are fine.
But what about Mom's story?
I told you right, Mahi?
Dad is exhausted.
I have a lot of work to do.
I will tell you some other time.
But, Dad you promised me.
I got the first rank as well.
I know, Mahi.
Please try to understand.
Dad had a really bad day at the office.
Some other time for sure.
But, you promised me!
What promise?
Can't you understand?
How many times have I told you,
not to come into this room?
Go!
Viraj! Get up!
Viraj!
Viraj, Mahi is not to be seen.
I got a call from her school.
She didn't turn up at school as well.
I've searched everywhere.
Pluto is missing as well.
I'm coming to the school now.
Please let me know
if she comes there.
Come quickly.
Stop, Pluto, stop!
Stop! Stop I say!
Somebody, please help!
Somebody catch him, please!
Good dog. Down boy!
Here you go!
- Water?
- No, thank you.
I don't drink outside water.
Only warm water.
Okay…
I've got a condition called 65 Roses.
Everyone says it is extremely fatal.
But, Dad says that it is all a sham
and nothing will happen to me.
I'm not supposed to jump,
or run,
or even eat that cotton candy.
But, whenever I'm angry
with my Dad, I will eat.
Thank you for your help. Bye.
- Bye.
- Come, Pluto.
Come.
Come, Pluto.
Pluto, come.
Pluto.
She's nowhere to be seen.
- You better go to the police station.
- Hello?
Is this Mahi's father?
- Yes.
- Come quickly to this location.
Mahi, are you crazy?
You came without telling anyone.
Do you have any idea
what I went through?
Do you think this is a game?
My Dad.
Did you even think a little?
Hi, Dad. This is Yashna.
- Viraj.
Do you know what just happened?
Pluto.
Pluto, come.
Pluto…
The pace at which that truck barged at us…
I thought this was our last day.
- Like in a flash. Everything--
- Thank you. Thank you so much.
Not me.
You should thank that truck driver.
What is this, Mahi?
Why did you come here in the first place?
To eat cotton candy.
Cotton?
Cotton candy!
You know you aren't
supposed to eat cotton candy.
Don't you know
you aren't supposed to break your promise?
Just so she could hear her mother's story
she studied day and night for one month,
she defeated Varun by two percent
and came first in the class.
What did you do?
You can break your promises.
Can't she eat cotton candy?
- Ma'am?
- Yashna.
Miss Yashna.
I'm so grateful for your help.
But, can I speak
to my daughter in private?
Yeah, please.
Go ahead.
Did you tell her everything?
What now?
You want your mom's story, right?
I will tell you everything in the evening.
I promise!
A mother promise didn't work!
What can a normal promise do?
After you reach home,
what's the guarantee that you
won't come up with lame excuses?
We don't trust you.
Why are you intruding into our space?
I will tell her whenever I wish to.
Who are you?
Look, Viraj.
I was there today to save her.
I might not be there every day.
I promised Mahi
that I would ensure she got her story.
I can't break my promise like you.
Anyway, I'm done with my shopping.
I'm free till the evening
and I have my coffee with me. And we are…
all ears!
We don't even know who she is.
She is Yashna.
My friend.
Don't I have a choice?
One cappuccino.
Once upon a time…
in a small town.
Steady.
Right…
Stop…
Are you done?
A marvel in front of me.
Like a wonder.
The rain was a witness.
Dad, wait!
- What happened?
- Whom should I Imagine?
Who should I imagine as Mom?
Mahi, look at me.
Imagine me.
Dad, continue…
Oh time!
I swear you’ve helped me amazingly
You’ve gifted my eyes with her beauty
Isn’t it enough?
Fine, fine don’t be hasty
Where would this story go?
Where do you think she is going?
Finally, where would this end up?
Oh time!
I swear you’ve helped me amazingly
You’ve gifted my eyes with her beauty
Who is she?
Is she a walking star?
Is she a scintillating flow?
I can’t sleep looking at her
Did she speak?
Her jauntiness is like wow!
Is that floating beauty above her
What is her name?
Your eyes have drunk
All the blue from the sky
There is some magic in your glare
The times of golden rains
People like us never expected
That naughty lipline
Which can spin the earth
Is showing a new dimension in you
That jumping silence in
Your orange cheeks are staring
At me and plucking my life out
What are you doing?
Are you in love?
Camera…
- I'm talking to you.
- Sister, what happened?
Aren't you ashamed to click
pictures of a girl you just saw?
What happened, madam?
What's the problem?
He…
This man has been following me,
and taking my photographs
without my permission.
Sister, let's file a police complaint.
Hi.
What, brother? Are you crazy?
What?
Are you acting smart?
He is behaving like a goon.
- Camera.
- Idiot!
Hello, excuse me.
Why did you scold my friend?
Be glad that I didn't kill him.
Isn't he ashamed to follow girls
and take their pictures?
- Sister, police complaint.
- Police!
He is a passionate, aspiring photographer.
Do you know Manish Lakhia?
He is a famous photographer in Bombay.
He is making a portfolio
to work under him.
Look at those pictures.
You won't find a single vulgar photo.
Please.
He was after you for his job,
not because he was in love with you.
Hey, Pomeranian.
If you touch him again,
I'll file a police complaint.
- Hello.
- Viraj.
Viraj, I was not aware of all this.
I'm new to this town.
We are not even friends.
What would anyone else think if you
follow them like that and take pictures?
- I'm really sorry.
- I love you.
What are you doing?
Don't insult. Say sorry.
It's love at first sight.
Sister, I'm really sorry.
I just found out his true colors.
You can file a complaint if you want to.
I'm really sorry.
You…
My photography mentor
used to say something.
"Every photo we capture
must tell a story."
I didn't understand the
meaning until I met you.
Do you understand?
When I clicked your picture…
I found a story.
My story.
Our story.
How I met you?
How I fell in love with you?
How did we end up marrying?
The story I'm going to tell
our kids and their kids.
Cam…
I thought my first interaction
with her must begin with the truth.
Camera, dude!
- It's with my wife.
- To hell with you.
- 35mm.
- What's that?
He will use that lens.
If you don't find the
camera the girl took,
he will use a 35mm rod.
Give me a 35mm lens.
What to do now?
I can't find her anywhere.
A prime lens is a lens that has
a fixed focal length. Prime lenses are…
Did you check in our studio?
They offer a narrow field of view.
Hi, Uncle.
Hey, Varsha.
What a pleasant surprise!
Why did she come here?
Yes.
I just wanted to come
and say hi to you and take some printouts.
Seriously, are you laughing?
We are done.
I will go and join my uncle's tea estate.
You join Gopi's Xerox shop.
You. Come here.
- Me?
- You. Come
He is calling you.
You and I are not related.
Don't reveal anything about me.
- He is coming, sir.
- Sir.
This fellow only, sir.
Viraj.
She needs a few printouts.
Don't worry, Varsha.
- Go with him. He will help you.
- Thank you, Uncle.
See you.
So, students…
Prime lenses are
often used for the following…
- Hey.
- This way…
- Low light photography…
- Dude, tell me what happened.
Hey, dude.
Here.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know that
our boss was your uncle.
Would you have spoken
that way, if you knew?
You're lying, right?
Take prints.
I don't believe in love at first sight.
Like you.
Not just love at first sight.
In fact, I don't believe in love,
marriage, or even kids.
May I know, why?
Why the hell are you involving kids?
They've every right to know.
Where were you?
You were never there for us.
Varsha!
Pack your luggage.
You're going to Coonoor
to stay with Mahendar Uncle.
Prints?
My parents are getting divorced.
Probably because they thought we had
enough love or because we were grown up.
I don't know.
They were together for us all these years,
now they're parting ways for themselves.
This is the story behind me.
Not as beautiful as you assumed.
These are wonderful pictures.
If you think they can help your career…
Go ahead.
All the best.
You are offering them to me to use.
We're not even friends, right?
You don't mind?
I will be here for two weeks.
If you can press pause
on your love story.
We could be friends.
Yes!
Were you just friends?
Your mom asked me
to pause the love story, not to end it.
So for the time being,
I was in love with her friendship.
Your mom's attachment circle is so tiny.
I somehow managed to enter it.
Poor Pluto, couldn't.
Yeah, your mom didn't like dogs at all.
- How is it?
- Amazing food.
- Yeah.
- Really nice. It's not at all spicy.
Are you alright?
I think…
Uncle, just try this.
It's so good. Delicious.
Just try.
It's lovely.
Excuse me, I need to use the washroom.
- Okay.
- I will join you.
Come.
What are you doing here?
Did you get it?
- Open it.
- Wait.
One for me, one for you.
Just determine inside and see…
It will be done just like that
Your dream has to come behind…
Following you like a shadow
Listen to the thunders
Stretch your hands for the raindrops
Like seven colors
Hundred years
You have to flourish
Performing the same song on a grand stage
will drive the audience wild!
Not really.
I wrote this song during my childhood.
My mom doesn't like all this.
Please sing for me once.
If I sing again, I will fall in love.
With the song.
Leave me!
I said leave me!
Let go of me!
Just leave me.
What the hell?
Damn it!
You've made a scene in front of everyone.
Aren't you ashamed of your behavior?
Don't you care about your reputation?
What the hell did I do?
I saw you flirting with that bloody woman.
Do you care about that?
She is just a friend of mine, damn it!
Okay. Are you okay?
You always lie…
Who's there?
Hey…
Stay here. I'll see you tomorrow.
Pigs travel in groups,
- but the lion hunts alone.
- Come on.
This way… to your right!
How did my attention turn on you
Like afresh
When did this magic happen?
Like really crazy
Oh once upon a time
It feels like a story
And it’s just starting
What happens in the end?
It won’t tell me
It’s like a whirlpool
And it dragged me into it
Even before I’m drowned in it
It’s tying a knot around you and me
I won’t leave you my darling
If I leave, can I survive?
Shall I pair up with you without leaving?
You won’t leave me, even if I ask you to
I have to tell you something.
Me too. New camera.
Canon 550D. Rs 45,000.
Finally, I bought it.
Check the image quality, madam.
Eighteen megapixels.
Single-lens reflex!
If I try harder,
I can see the stars as well.
I wish for all the blessings for Pluto.
What does that mean?
It means a rich family has taken him.
Did you sell him?
No, I didn't.
They only paid me.
Anyway,
I can't afford him in this position.
There he has a big house,
and people to take care of him.
He will be very happy.
Big house, people, cars, money.
Maybe he doesn't want all of them.
Do you know how rich I am?
Let's say…
If I loved you and came with you.
Will you leave me, just like him?
By saying you can't afford me?
What's the connection?
Responsibility.
You have love…
But no responsibility.
Why are you taking it personally?
You don't even like him.
I thought the same until I came here.
What does it mean, leaving like that?
It means I'm leaving.
It means I won't return.
Mom and I had a disagreement.
Her parents had
a significant disagreement.
Mom was hurt.
Why did you come?
Why did you come to Coonoor?
Because of my ill fate.
I didn't know you'd be there.
But, I came knowing
that you'd be here.
Why did it take so long?
Because of Pluto.
I would've come earlier,
if I knew you'd hug me like this.
Will you go if I let you?
Is this friendship?
Is this called love?
No.
This is called love!
Sir…
Thank you.
Get the check.
Viraj.
What do you do?
I'm a photographer.
How much do they pay?
Like for a photo or a month.
What?
Is it that disgraceful?
Leave it.
Where do you stay?
At Thane.
We live at Malabar Hill.
How far is Thane from Malabar Hill?
Roughly 35 to 40 kilometers, I assume.
- And from Coonoor to our house?
- Mom!
What? He should know
the distance between us, right?
- Ma'am, check.
- Give it to him.
- Okay, ma'am
- Mom this is too much.
- You invited him. So, you should pay.
- Sir.
So, he can't even afford the food we ate?
I can't believe it.
What is he up to?
- I will go check on Pluto once.
- Please, I need five minutes.
Thank you, Viraj.
What are you trying to prove?
That he is after your money.
Do you think love and marriage are a joke?
How much should one
analyze before getting married?
Without even considering his
background and financial status…
You considered everything
and got married, right?
Did that stop you from getting a divorce?
My failed marriage doesn't become a reason
for you to love someone random.
At least I'm crying in a bungalow.
You'd grieve on the roads
if you married him.
What?
He must've left long ago.
Pay the bill.
Let's go home.
Sorry.
Viraj…
People tip 200 rupees in the hotel.
- Thank you, sir,
- Thank you.
This is a tip.
I've paid the bill already.
Don't mistake me for a rich guy.
I was skeptical about paying the bill.
It was my monthly salary.
Luckily, I received it yesterday.
I managed to pay it
due to sheer luck today.
But, five years later,
it'll be because of my hard work.
Ma'am, it is 1200 kilometers
from Coonoor to here.
It took a couple of trains, one bus,
and three autos to reach here.
Tomorrow, it might take just an hour.
I paid today's bill
with my entire monthly salary.
But after I set up my own studio,
I may earn this amount in an hour.
You are measuring
our distance in kilometers.
I measure it with time.
Your distance will never change.
But my time will.
Varsha.
Every single word your mom said is true.
I really am a poor guy.
All I have is a two-acre
farm from my father.
If you come with me, I'm clueless
about how to take care of you.
But…
If you are with me…
I feel like I can manage anything.
In fact,
I will win over the world.
Varsha…
Will you marry me?
You, me, and Pluto.
That's enough!
Thank you guys.
Thank you so much.
Well, this song
is dedicated to my husband.
It's my third anniversary.
Congratulations!
Thank you, but he is late as usual.
This song,
I wrote in my mother tongue, Telugu.
And… I hope you guys like it.
Ready?
Here we go.
Won't my life go bonkers, my dear
If you bind beauty to yourself, my dear
I’m still in the dream, my dear
He keeps saying this
And doesn’t leave me all day
Hey, he keeps asking for a kiss
And I find him cute
When he says my feet shouldn’t touch
The ground, I find him cute
When he is carrying me on his back,
I find him cute
Even in anger, I find him cute
While sleeping on your lap
While caressing your hair
I will become a kid
I will smile silently
True, I asked for half of you
But you put the entire
World in front of me
- Justin.
- Tell me.
- You have to sell my land.
- What?
And come to Mumbai.
We're starting a studio.
What happened?
I will explain everything
after you come here.
Eyes without tears
Would suffice if those were yours
Watching your smile
My eyes are dampened
I asked for a shoulder to lean
You spread the sky and walked me
Won't my life go bonkers, my dear
If you bind beauty to yourself, my dear
I’m still in the dream, my dear
He keeps saying this
And doesn’t leave me all day
Hey, he keeps asking for a kiss,
And I find him cute
When he says my feet shouldn’t touch
The ground, I find him cute
When he is carrying me on his back,
I find him cute
Even in anger, I find him cute
What are you thinking?
Nothing, just thinking about
if we'll have a boy or girl child…
Will they get your nose or mine?
What does that mean?
What happened?
I thought I was clear
about the kids, Viraj.
What did you say,
when you asked me for marriage?
You and I
and we don't need anyone else.
- Didn't you say that?
- Yes, I did.
Then, what is this now?
Kids are not outsiders.
They are our extension.
Wow! Good one!
Do you know how much I love you?
I was ready to go through what
my mom went through in her marriage.
But, as their child.
I'm not ready to let
my children suffer like I have.
What are you trying to say?
That we won't stick together?
Who knows?
It has just been 3 years
since we got married.
Can you promise me that
we will be happy always?
See, you are scared to make a promise.
I'm not scared to make a promise.
I'm scared of your thought process.
No two people will live
without fights and differences.
While I'm anticipating a beautiful future.
You are anticipating troubles?
Do you know what you are talking about?
I'm not saying we will have trouble.
Our kids will have them because of us.
If something goes wrong in
the beautiful future you are foreseeing.
We won't suffer, our kids will.
You've gone crazy.
You're mad.
I…
Forget it.
It's my mistake
that I tried to talk to you.
I made a mistake leaving the studio.
I should have stayed there.
Who is stopping you?
Leave!
Why did you come
if you were so bothered?
You are right!
Because I was a fool.
Do whatever you want.
I made a mistake marrying you!
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry…
Was marrying me a mistake?
Sorry.
Fine, whatever you say.
It's up to you.
Even if you want to…
Actually, it's up to you.
Let's see whose nose the kid will get.
I never believed in love, Viraj.
But, you proved me wrong.
I never believed in marriage as well.
But, look where you've brought me.
I thought of not having kids.
But, I know…
you will prove me
wrong once again.
But, I'm scared Viraj.
Trust me.
This will be
the best decision of our life.
I'm sure he or she
will bring us a lot of joy.
- Promise?
- Promise.
Then, let's get pregnant.
Do you call this love?
This is called love.
And?
And…
My world has called me Dad.
What about me?
What happened to me?
Her!
Yeah, sorry.
Her.
What happened to her?
Singing.
She was always very
passionate about singing.
And she left chasing her passion.
Wait.
This doesn't make any sense.
A girl who despised love and marriage…
Left everyone for you.
And when Mahi was born,
she chose her career?
I don't believe it.
It wasn't folklore for you
to believe it or not.
It's a true story.
Even then. It doesn't add up.
You're hiding something.
Tell me the truth.
Mahi, you asked for Mom's story.
I told you.
We are done. Let's leave.
Pluto.
I got it.
There was a time when
you struggled to pay the bill.
Now you can afford
2000 bucks for just a coffee.
So, your status might have
shifted your priorities.
Mahi, let's go.
Pluto!
You must have left her
like you left the story.
Mahi!
Dad, did you leave Mom?
I don't care about others,
only my daughter's opinion matters.
You heard Mom's story.
Should I tell you Dad's?
With a lot of beautiful things
The world is waiting for you
For your arrival
The times are waiting with all eyes
Hoping that someday
You will play tantrums
I have prepared to shower love on you
This wind has become my voice
And kept humming
He's here…
It's a baby girl.
Viraj.
Dr. Ranjan.
Your daughter was born with
a condition called Cystic Fibrosis.
It is a fatal condition.
She may not live long.
She was put in an incubator.
You are here.
Look at the baby.
I can't figure out
if she got your nose or mine.
They're saying
she has some lung disease.
Apparently, she won't survive.
Even if I try to feed her…
they say her heart
might stop beating.
They're not letting me touch her.
You promised me, right?
This will be the best
decision of our life.
You said this kid will bring us joy.
I had refused.
Why did this happen?
I'm sorry.
- I asked for beautiful raindrops
- I'm sorry.
Without knowing a thunder would strike
- I called the seven sparkles of colors
- I'm sorry.
But the black has joined like destiny
Anyways the fault is mine
I showed you dreams
But I gave you sorrow
I won’t ask forgiveness of the heart
It won’t happen again with my knowledge
The eyes are left with tears dried off
White would be the correcting agent
Mahi, wake up.
Hey…
You go home.
I will look after the baby.
It's okay. I'm fine.
I'm not saying it for you.
I'm saying it for her.
She hasn't moved since yesterday.
Talk to her
She will return to normalcy
only if you talk through it.
It's been four months since
you spoke to me properly.
Trust me.
Nothing will happen to her.
I will do something.
Talk to me Varsha, please!
I wish I hadn't come to Coonoor.
I wish I hadn't met you.
I wish I hadn't fallen in love with you.
I wish I hadn't married you.
When you asked for kids,
I wish I hadn't agreed with you.
I wish Mahi hadn't been born to me!
Don't tell me anymore.
Let's go home, Dad.
Mahi!
Mahi. Please, look at me.
Mahi.
- Mahi, please…
- One minute.
Viraj, what did I do?
Why isn't she talking to me?
She imagined you as her mother.
So…
She is upset with me
because I disowned her.
But…
Tell her I'm not the real mother.
Don't worry.
She will be fine by tomorrow.
Can you please call me,
once she is alright?
She has my number.
Viraj…
I don't know if I can ask you this.
But, if you don't mind.
May I know what happened later?
I'm…
I'm really sorry.
I wasn't aware of all of this…
It's okay. What can you do?
Some stories are like that.
I'm actually really sorry.
Please, don't cry.
It's been years.
We moved on.
Don't worry.
Pluto, get in.
Shards of dreams
- Now fallen apart
- We should get going.
Yeah.
Echoes of you
Still haunt my heart
Surprise!
In the pain
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Where our love used to be
Lies the ghost of you and me
- What happened?
- Nothing.
I'm fine.
What happened to Mahi?
Everything is alright.
Okay…
Yashna!
Ya--
Everyone is asking for the bride.
What are you doing?
Nothing, Mom.
I'm going.
You can't see her.
I have every right.
She is my wife.
No, she is not.
She doesn't even remember you.
She doesn't remember
that she is married,
and has a kid.
In fact, she doesn't remember
that we are divorced.
She forgot everything.
Shards of dreams…
Traumatic amnesia.
We didn't think she would survive.
You should thank Dr. Aravind.
We do not have control over
recovering lost memories.
Still haunt my heart
Why did you do this?
Shards of dreams, now fallen apart
Echoes of you still haunt my heart
Somebody, please help!
Shards of dreams, now fallen apart
Echoes of you still haunt my heart
She wanted a divorce.
She spoke about it two days ago.
Meanwhile…
She has suffered enough for loving you.
This is another life for her.
Leave her now at least.
Please.
I don't know which God she prayed to.
But, she prayed for it firmly.
I wanted to see her without tears.
But, I turned into the sole
reason for those tears.
We will never come into her life again.
Hi, Dad.
This is Yashna.
Shards of dreams
Now fallen apart
Echoes of you still haunt my heart
Jeez man!
Does anyone in this house
intend to speak? Or…
Is it entirely dumb charades?
Hindi, English, Telugu?
Say something.
God, make someone open
their mouth in this house.
That was quick.
You continue with your cold war.
Let it be the paperboy or the milkman,
I will make friends with them.
You just keep watching.
Yeah!
Hallelujah.
Justin?
Yashna!
How do you know me?
You're exactly like I imagined
when Viraj was narrating the story.
By the way, how do you know me?
That…
Move aside.
How is Mahi?
Yashna!
How do you know this address?
I got this address from your office.
How's Mahi?
She is fine.
Since last night,
I have been researching her condition.
As I read…
Mahi won't make--
That's what they exactly said.
They put her in an incubator.
They said she couldn't leave the hospital.
You know what I did?
I went home and prepared her room.
I believed firmly
that she would come home.
In a week, she was home.
They said she couldn't join the nursery.
I got her admission
to the school till her tenth.
Now, she is first in the class.
They said it’ll be a miracle
if she makes it beyond three
Now that miracle's age is six.
Similarly, I have planned
a beautiful 65 years of her life.
How will I let her go if she leaves?
I got this thread for Mahi's well-being.
But, I get it.
This is for you.
If you are safe, she remains safe.
She is lucky to have you!
What is 65 Roses?
It’s Cystic Fibrosis!
One day she overheard me
discussing her condition.
She couldn't pronounce it properly.
We never corrected her
and started following her.
- Can I see her once?
- Not now.
Please… I won't take much time.
I promise you.
Please try to understand.
- She is not in a state…
- Dad…
Mahi!
Are you still angry with me?
I'm sorry.
- Why?
- For my rude behavior.
Do friends apologize to each other?
So, are we friends?
I'm not sure.
Friends, usually hug and kiss each other…
You know what?
I have a surprise planned for you.
We will go out in the evening
and we will have lots of fun.
When will she return from her school?
It'll be four.
- Fine, I will come by five.
- Dentist appointment at five.
- Then…
- Six to eight, homework.
Dinner at eight, and nine her bedtime.
Wow.
Are you sure?
Is it not possible?
Dad, tomorrow is Saturday.
Holiday!
Perfect!
Nine o'clock, fix.
I will reserve a table in the Hyatt.
Please join us.
I have a surprise planned for her.
Bye, Mahi.
See you in the evening.
Sharp nine.
Don't forget.
- Bye.
- Bye, Yashna.
See you.
See you. Love you.
Bye.
Why aren't you talking?
Dumb charades?
What do you want me to say?
Are you taking Mahi
to meet her in the evening?
No chance.
Dad, my school is that way.
You aren't going to school today.
Did you check the schedule?
What shoots do we have today?
You have Maxim.
Amul and I are covering the Goa shoot.
I will also come to Goa.
We're taking Mahi with us.
Goa?
What about tomorrow?
Saturday is a holiday.
Did you forget?
But…
Yashna…
Surprise.
Viraj, what you're doing is wrong.
Wrong?
Because of an accident,
we were out of her life.
By stopping an accident,
she came back into our lives.
She turned up at my house for my daughter
with just a brief introduction
in the cafe yesterday.
Would she have come if she knew
that it was her daughter?
Mahi couldn't cope just
imagining her as her mom.
Can she take it, if she knew
she is her real mother?
They are unable to refrain
from meeting each other.
But, they cannot live together as well.
Mahi…
Yashna.
It's their fate.
How far will you keep running?
I don't know.
Didn't it occur to you to tell me
that Yashna is in Mumbai?
- Hi!
- She is getting married in a week.
Hi, Yashna.
I didn't know how to tell you.
Great!
You just asked me how far will I run.
Just a week.
And our paths will never cross.
Brother, this is the plan.
Here we are planning
for the Pediatric Division.
Hello?
Yashna.
Mahi.
- Where are you?
- Goa.
Goa? I waited for you last night.
Do you know how many
times have I called you?
I don't know.
Why don't you know?
I don't have a phone, Yashna.
Not you, your Dad. Leave it.
Now, I am telling you to listen.
Happy birthday, Mahi.
May you get everything you wished for!
- Do you remember?
- Of course.
How can I forget your birthday?
But, Dad doesn't remember.
Fine, I will call you later.
Mahi.
Is everything okay?
This hospital will be
the heart of the country.
In case, we leave for
the US after we get married…
My brother will look after this place.
He will be the managing director.
Aravind, I have to leave.
- Is there any problem?
- Everything is fine.
But, a bit of urgent work.
Are you sure?
I can drop you off.
No, I have the car. Bye.
Did you take my phone?
Are you lying?
Fine.
Don't tell Dad.
Yashna.
I thought you forgot
my birthday for the first time!
My Ukulele.
Thank you, Dad.
Mahi, come…
Dad got a special cake for you.
Hi, Viraj.
How did Yashna know Mahi's birthday?
You just narrated the story.
Your daughter has told her everything,
including your ATM pin.
Didn't she figure that out?
How can she?
You changed me
as her brother in your story.
Yashna didn't know that
she came to Coonoor.
She didn't even know
that my parents were divorced.
She thinks my dad has been
with me all these years in the U.S.
He seldom meets my sister.
I never liked you.
Just like my mom.
I thought she had a tragic life with you.
What changed?
I know a great deal about my sister.
Giving birth to a daughter with you…
is proof that
she must have been in a happy marriage.
Please…
let Yashna be with Mahi
for at least a few days.
They planned a lot of shopping
and lunch for tomorrow.
Dimitrov, my diva, from Russia.
Adjust your hair, baby.
Yeah!
Dimitrov, you're looking beautiful.
One more pose.
Where is Viraj?
Viraj is dealing with the Gone Girl. Okay?
One more shot.
One for Putin. One for me.
No, I won't.
You're not Viraj.
Where is Viraj?
You're also not Deepika Padukone!
How insensitive!
Excuse me?
Did you forget me?
Hey, Pomeranian!
How can I forget you?
That reminds me…
Where is your sister?
Hi, Dad.
Thank you for today.
I cannot fathom
how I forgot Mahi's birthday.
I can never forgive myself.
Viraj.
I met with an accident six years ago,
just like yours.
You just forgot an event.
I forgot a great deal.
But, I don't regret anything.
Do you know why?
I have my people
who will remember things for me.
Same way, I remembered this time for you.
So, chill!
Why are you profoundly
staring at the sea?
Phytoplankton Algae.
Very rarely seen.
You mean, will the sea glow?
Apparently.
No chance.
What if it does?
I will miss the photograph.
You sat here waiting
for an unsure occurrence.
But, don't you have a photograph of
your wife who shared her life with you?
Shouldn't Mahi know,
what her mother looks like?
I don't have any photos.
What about the one you captured
for the first time, in the rain?
- Don't you have that?
- Am I not telling you? I don't have them.
Okay… Sorry…
It's okay if you don't wish to show.
Cool!
At least you can
describe her looks, right?
What?
Did you forget her appearance?
Do you even remember her face?
Small eyes.
Her smile would bulge her cheeks
and make her eyes even smaller.
Her skin is like this sand's color.
No matter how irked I was…
she was a heart-melting sight.
Sometimes she wore a sari.
In a black sari…
it feels like she smeared all the
darkness on her body.
A black dot on the forehead.
A nose piercing…
balancing all the beauty.
After taking a shower,
she probably intentionally
leaves her hair wet.
All the hair falls on one side
and it looks wavy.
In one word…
She looks like this.
Why do you love her so much,
even after she left you?
I just described her…
is this called love?
No…
This is called love!
What are you doing, Yashna?
Are you remembering everything?
Or am I triggering those memories?
You wished all this hadn’t happened.
Even if I tell you everything…
Would you consider this the truth?
Or a dream?
Or would you assume
that I cooked up a story?
If I continue to stay close to you,
would you pull me close like a wave?
Like the swinging wave
Did you flatter me
With that dangling hair?
Are those the same naughty eyes?
See the same thunder again
Isn’t this a dream?
To join the heart again
Has the river walked down?
My life has become a rock and not moving
This is like the first time
It’s shaking my heart
Like a breath
Is the skin tone, the sand’s color?
The sari looks like
A dark sky during the night
Your nose-piercing is appreciating you
Your sectarian mark is
Caressing your forehead
Memories…
Have walked back
And shook me
This silence isn’t letting me speak
This is like for the first time
It’s shaking my heart
Where is she?
Aravind, you know
how marriages work, right?
I think she just started to get cold feet.
She said beaches calm her down.
But, if I don't allow her…
she said she would ask her Dad.
And I don't want that.
What's so special about the Goan beaches…
that you can't get on Mumbai's beaches?
Well, my dear friends and family…
I have some good news
and some bad news.
The bad news is that
Yashna won't be joining us.
But the good news is…
- Mahi.
- She is sleeping.
- I will take her.
- Why?
Let her sleep here.
- It's okay.
- Viraj.
Come on!
It's just one day.
I'm sorry. I insist.
Don't mind.
Why do you have to be
so adamant about this?
What will happen over one night?
You are there today.
Tomorrow you won't.
What if she gets habituated to you?
So, you will take her away this harshly?
You know, how happy she was today?
You don't know a girl's needs.
She needs a feminine touch.
She needs female parenting.
Buying a few accessories
and clothes is not parenting
I'm not in a position to hear it from you.
Your vacation is over, right?
Now, please leave us.
Was she hurt?
A lot.
What do I do?
Go get my sister.
You have to do a shot.
Come on…
Can't you do one shot?
You're such a baby!
Bring out the comfort inside you
Throw out the guy inside you
Don’t hide anything anymore
Your job is to freak out
Bend and look at the sky below
Paint new colors to the air
Let tomorrow swallow the yesterday
Why do you need it anyway?
Pour some excitement in one shot
Pour some joy in one shot
Pour some resentment in one shot and
Pour everything inside the body
Oh my God, this heat, EDM-like beat
Radium like light
Here and there in this party
Oh my God, this heat, EDM-like beat
Radium like light
Here and there in this party
Feel high, feel this high
Join hands with me
Why do you stare at
Something or someone else
Time moves, the brain gets sloshed
Leave and come to me!
Pour some happiness into one glass
Pour some thought into one glass
Pour some fury into one glass
Empty every glass
Oh my God, this heat, EDM-like beat
Radium like light
Here and there in this party
Is it vibrant or slipping off
Or what happened to life?
Did the imagination feel like truth
Or truth feel like imagination
Is the deja vu spinning
Or is it spinning me?
Your past is an underworld
There is Kailash in this ebriety
There is Vaikunth in this vibe
This stupor is salvation
Oh my God, this heat, EDM-like beat
Radium like light
Here and there in this party
Oh my god, this heat, EDM-like beat
Radium like light
Here and there in this party
I heard your love story
and imagined it as a great one.
And here you're getting drunk
and dancing with heroines.
Shame on you!
God, I wish that kid didn't give
me that puppy back.
My life would have been blissful.
What kid? What did you just say?
I dare you to speak loudly.
Speak loudly? Then listen.
Your wiring in the brain
got screwed in that accident.
You don't have the
wiring in the first place.
Hey!
Speak about anything but my accident.
What will you do?
Beat me.
Come on, beat me.
One minute… One minute.
Why are we openly discussing things?
Oh sorry, you won't
remember this by morning.
So far, you deleted
everything selectively.
I won't forget.
I remember everything.
- Is it?
- Yes.
Say it again.
I don't forget anything.
Five seconds.
One, two, three, four, five.
Repeat what you just said.
What?
You don't remember what you just said.
What did you say the other day?
You have people who
will remember things for you.
That's why I have no regrets.
Why will you have regrets?
The one next to you with all the memory…
will have regrets.
Regrets…
You enjoy your shopping and your wedding.
But, you turn a blind eye
to what others are going through.
You're great!
How dare you?
See, what I'll do.
I shared my problems with you…
And you…
Hi.
Yashna.
Can I ask you something?
Will you stay with us forever?
You seem quite confident
that we'll be blessed with a girl.
What did you think about the baby's name?
What's your name?
Mahima.
Mahi.
Apparently, Dimitrov has a boyfriend.
But, Selena doesn't have one.
But, it's--
Justin, where is Viraj?
I just got a call.
The lung you applied for
has been sanctioned.
That's it.
We are saving her.
But, it's not about the lungs.
It's about Mahi's condition and her age.
The survival rate is just 0.1 percent.
And no doctor will take this risk.
If you leave her like this,
she might survive another six years.
Why are you taking her chances away?
You said three once.
Now you are saying six.
When were you right?
Then or now?
Okay, then leave.
If you can't acquire a lung…
If something happens to my daughter…
We're getting this operation done.
No matter what.
Whatever the percentage may be.
My daughter and I will battle it.
Viraj.
Were you aware that
you will have a daughter?
The girl who gave Pluto to you…
was her name Mahi?
What are you saying?
I'm not understanding anything.
I might've imagined myself as Varsha,
more than your daughter.
I'm dreaming about things
that I didn't hear in your story.
I assumed all this was
because of my accident.
Because of my overthinking.
Because of my crazy fondness for Mahi.
I like you, Viraj.
I'm not assuming it.
I know it already.
Do you like me?
Sister-in-law.
There you are.
I was searching for you in the resort.
What? Are you surprised to see me?
There is a bigger
surprise waiting for you.
Come. We're leaving.
Sister-in-law.
Neha.
Were you scared of the wedding,
all of a sudden?
I heard these beaches calm you down.
So, I brought the whole
wedding here for you.
You asked me, right?
Yashna!
My fiancée.
Did she have a dream or was that true?
Fine, don't tell me.
But she returned
and expressed her feelings for you.
At least tell her.
Tell her and what…?
You can get your life back.
Or start a new one altogether.
Start and…?
Don't be stubborn.
You, Yashna, and Mahi can live happily.
Me, Yashna, and Mahi.
Happy?
Yashna!
Dad, Yashna!
All your dreams have
Melted in front of you
Still you're hopeful
What happened?
This love was born suddenly
For which I have no answers
Did you imagine things?
Did you love with your life?
It pulled my heart
One bitter truth
And a haunting past
Has distanced our dreams
Once upon a time,
there was a young fairy.
She lived in a dense forest.
I really need you, Dad.
I loved someone.
His name is Viraj.
I have to meet Yashna.
I have to ask her something.
Mahi, you know tomorrow is her wedding.
We shouldn't disturb her.
Please, Dad.
No, Mahi.
Mahi, we're leaving for Mumbai.
We have an important appointment.
Go to sleep now.
One bitter truth
And a haunting past
Has distanced our dreams
One bitter truth
And a haunting past
Pluto.
Mahi.
I didn't find her.
Where is Yashna's wedding?
You guys have to get it done.
You check on that side.
Mahi!
Hey.
Are you looking for someone?
Yashna…
My daughter…
- Yashna?
- Yes.
This way.
Yashna.
Hi, come here…
Hey…
Mahi.
Where are you going?
Dad is searching for you.
Uncle, I have to talk to Yashna.
Come now.
Two minutes…
- Please.
- No, Mahi. Dad is…
I think there is a misunderstanding.
He promised that he would never
turn up again in our lives.
Is that why…
he sent you and his daughter?
You're worrying unnecessarily, ma'am.
We're just here to take the child away.
That's it.
My daughter survived the accident,
not his wife.
No…
Ma'am, please speak softly.
The child doesn't know anything.
Did she come this far
without knowing anything?
Did they meet her without any plan?
Can Yashna bear the news
that her child won't live long enough?
- I'm not sure what your dad has told you.
- Ma'am.
- But let me tell you.
- Please, ma'am.
Please, ma'am.
Yashna forgot that you are her daughter.
You can forget
that she is your mother as well.
Ashok.
Leave this place.
Do you know what he did?
Leave.
Viraj, right?
I know you.
I'm sorry for what my brother did.
He is a bit…
I'm Dr. Aravind.
I'm the one marrying your ex-wife.
I don't have a problem
if your arrival is a coincidence.
But, if it's a plan,
we both have a problem.
She has suffered enough because of you.
I suggest you leave.
Pluto.
Mahi!
Where is Mahi?
Pluto.
Dad.
Where did you go, Mahi?
Do you know what happened to me?
You left once because
I didn't tell you your mother's story.
Now you are leaving in search of Yashna.
Do you remember that I'm here?
Did you never feel like
waiting for your dad?
Where did I go so wrong?
Where?
Isn't my love enough, Mahi?
I won't leave you again, Dad.
Take me wherever you go this time.
You wanted to ask Yashna something, right?
Did you?
Why?
65 Roses.
Mom will cry, Dad.
Sorry.
I tried really hard.
Aunty spilled the beans.
Pluto!
You came for me, right?
You really like me a lot, right?
Just tell me you like me.
I will leave everything behind
and come with you.
Aren't you ashamed?
You've decided to come
with a stranger like me,
while you're about to get married.
What kind of a character is this?
I'm not sure,
why you imagined yourself as Varsha.
But, you are similar in one aspect.
You both tend to run away from problems.
Just give up.
You are insulting me for being honest.
Mahi, did you hear what your father said?
Mahi…
you tell me.
Didn't you imagine me as your mother?
I did.
But, you are not my real mother.
Take Mahi out.
Take her out.
Deal with me.
I'll bear it.
But dealing with Mahi…
You've revealed the secret…
that I hid from my daughter.
Should I reveal it to your daughter?
One bitter truth
And a haunting past
Has distanced our dreams
One bitter truth
And a wounded past
Has distanced our love
- Mahi!
- What happened?
Mahi…
- Mahi!
Mahi!
Doctor!
Mahi, get up.
You’re no one to us
We don’t want you
Why can’t you listen to them?
Why do you cry, my heart?
In your imaginary palace
We don’t have a place for you
Look, It has collapsed today
Like this
Was I delusional?
Or was I absent despite staying with you?
You keep saying I’m no one to you
While I’m losing my mind here
Yashna.
So, you're getting married?
You finally got the time?
I had important work.
What is more important
than your daughter's wedding, Dad?
You like Viraj, right?
Why are you marrying Aravind?
He doesn't like me.
I thought at least
his daughter would like me.
But, she was worse than him.
He insulted me for proposing my love.
He compared me with his wife.
Said that we are similar.
He was right, wasn't he?
Right?
Don't I ever fight?
When did I ever give up, Dad?
Now.
Not when he said so.
When you gave up fighting
for your love, after what he said.
That's when you behaved like his wife.
What else could I do, Dad?
Prove that you're not like his wife
and you won't run away from problems.
His daughter is admitted to the ICU.
She is battling death.
She may not make it.
Yashna…
Will you stand with him and fight
or will you give up like his wife?
It's your call.
Yashna…
we are running late.
- You can speak to your dad later.
- Go.
Everyone is waiting… Go.
Dad…
What?
It's your life.
You loved him.
You must battle.
Everyone is waiting.
Come, let's go.
One bitter truth
And a haunting past
Has distanced our dreams
One bitter truth
And a wounded past
- Has distanced our love
- Come on.
What happened?
Aravind, I have to go.
What are you even talking about?
Is it Viraj?
Do you know Viraj?
Do you even know Viraj?
Fine.
You can leave
if you don't like this marriage.
But, he isn't the right guy for you.
How can you say that?
You don't know how much
his wife suffered because of him.
He suffered a lot as well.
She wanted a divorce.
- No, she didn't.
- She did.
She must not have.
I'm telling you, she asked for a divorce.
I didn't ask for it.
I'm sorry.
She must not have asked for it.
This just doesn't add up.
How could she?
She didn't.
Go.
Aravind.
Leave before I change my mind.
Are you mad?
Why did you let her go?
Tell me something.
Did Yashna really ask for a divorce
before the accident?
Did she?
I thought so.
She must leave him first…
to ever love me.
Unnecessarily, they beat him…
Ashok…?
Is he more important than your family?
You ruined your daughter's wedding.
My daughter got married long ago.
You did not attend then…
And I saved it now.
That's it.
That's not even a marriage
and it was not even a life she led.
Is tying the knot with someone…
and living according to your choices
called marriage and life?
It will take a lifetime
for you to get her someone like Viraj.
Yes, he is more important than you.
That accident proved a point.
I felt that he
and my granddaughter required me…
more than my daughter
who had forgotten everything.
That's why I went to them.
I stayed with him.
There is no seminar about
Mahi's condition that he didn't attend.
No doctor he didn't meet.
He fought with everyone
who suspected her survival chances.
He is continuing to do so.
He has been the son I never asked for.
It won't take a second for him to demolish
the glass castle you built for Yashna.
But, he won't do that.
Somewhere, he loves your daughter…
a bit more than he loves his own.
Every time, she had to bear the burden…
He moved away all her memories.
Yashna lost her memory
six years ago, right?
She witnessed a great deal of life.
You, me, her friends
and family were all there for her.
Despite that if she ends up
falling in love with him again…
What can we do?
Some marriages are like that.
No matter how hard to keep it intact…
They fail like this one.
Like ours.
Some just find their way and reunite
no matter what the differences are.
Like them.
We failed as a couple.
Let's not fail as parents.
Please.
She said…
she would never leave me again.
She isn't answering me now.
Everyone thought…
Mahi survived because of me.
No…
But the fact is,
I survived because of her.
I'm scared…
Look at me.
I left my marriage and came for you
after seven days of acquaintance.
She is your daughter.
How will she leave you?
If you cry, she will lose.
You fight for her.
She will win.
Nothing will happen to Mahi.
Promise?
Promise.
I was mad at him
and felt like killing him.
What did you do?
His daughter was in the ICU.
I didn't feel like hurting him.
It's a case of Cystic Fibrosis.
The survival rate is 0.1 percent.
Respiratory failure.
Vitals are dropping.
We have a lung, right?
What is stopping us?
But, if we operate…
the child won't survive.
Will she survive if we don't?
Maybe a few hours.
Anyhow, she is dying.
What is stopping you, sir?
This hospital is not equipped with
qualified doctors to perform surgery.
It has to be done under critical care,
and the the guidance of
transplant pulmonologists,
and so many others.
Sir, that's Arjun Srivastav.
He is a senior consultant.
Pulmonologist, AIIMS, New Delhi.
That is Mr. Sudeep Bhattacharya.
He is a senior consultant.
Critical care, Leelavathi Hospital.
That's Joseph and Hari.
Two of the best anesthesiologists.
That's my brother, Ashok.
He is a general surgeon.
And I'm Aravind Bhatia, sir.
Neurosurgeon.
It was my wedding.
Not just me,
all my friends are doctors.
The country's best doctors are all here.
If not us, who will save her?
What if something happens to that child?
Our reputation will be at stake.
Then let's make sure she lives.
Aravind.
You saved me once.
Please, save my daughter now.
Please…
I'll try my best.
Mahi.
Don't you want me?
Do you want me?
Can I stay with you people forever?
Just determine inside
See…
It will be done just like that
Alright, tell me.
What do you want to become,
when you grow up?
A singer like my mother.
Stretch your hands for raindrops
Come back smiling.
I will teach you the best song ever.
Both the sky and earth are yours
I can sing as well.
Nothing is impossible to reach
The life inside is yours
As long as you have that courage in you
Your smile always accompanies you
I wish I met you in Coonoor.
I wish I fell in love with you.
I wish I married you.
Mahi…
I wish Mahi had been born to me.
Turn time into your path
Write down
That your journey is your destination
Like the continents are your companions
Attract all those worlds
Like the stars are pals with your song
They should swing
Both the sky and earth are yours
If you can believe in yourself
Nothing is impossible to reach
The life inside is yours
As long as you have that courage in you
Your smile always accompanies you
Breath turned into a string
Swinging in the heart
Listen to the sonorous tune
Listen to it